the word of the Lord came to me again
saying son of man prophesy and say thus
says the Lord God whale woe to the day
for the day is near even the day of the
Lord is near it will be a day of clouds
the time of the Gentiles the sword shall
come upon Egypt and great anguish shall
be in Ethiopia when the slain fall in
Egypt and they take away her wealth and
her foundations are broken down ethiopia
libya lydia all the mingled people cub
and the men of the lands who are allied
shall fall with them by the song those
who uphold Egypt shall fall and the
pride of her power shall come down from
Migdal to say Nene those within her
shall fall by the sword they shall be
desolate in the midst of the desolate
countries and earth cities shall be in
the midst of the cities that are laid
waste then they will know that I am the
Lord when I have set a fire in Egypt and
all her helpers are destroyed on that
day messenger shall go forth from me and
ships to make the careless Ethiopians
afraid and great anguish shall come upon
them as on the day of Egypt for indeed
it is coming
[Music]
thus says the Lord God I will also make
a multitude of Egypt to cease by the
hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
he and his people with him the most
terrible of the nations shall be brought
to destroy the land they shall draw
their swords against Egypt and fill the
land with the slave I will make the
rivers dry and sell the land into the
hand of the wicked I will make the land
waste and all that is in it by the hand
of aliens I the LORD have spoken thus
says the Lord God I will also destroy
the idols and caused the images to cease
from north there shall no longer be
Prince's from the land of Egypt I will
put fear in the land of Egypt I will
make Petrus desolate set fire to Zorn
and execute judgments in no I will pour
my fury on sin the strength of Egypt I
will cut off the multitude of no and set
afire in Egypt sin shall have great pain
No shall be split open and nothing shall
be in distress daily the young men of
Aven and pie be Sethe shall fall by the
sword and these cities shall go into
captivity after Haffner he's the day
shall also be darkened when I break the
yolks of Egypt there and her arrogant
strength shall cease in her as for her a
cloud shall cover her and her daughters
shall go into captivity thus I will
execute judgments on Egypt then they
shall know that I am the Lord and it
came to pass in the eleventh year in the
first month
on the seventh day of the month that the
word of the Lord came to me saying son
of man I have broken the arm of Pharaoh
king of Egypt and see it has not been
bandaged for healing nor a split put on
to bind it to make it strong enough to
hold a sword therefore thus says the
Lord God surely I am against Pharaoh
king of Egypt and will break his arms
both the strong one and the one that was
broken and I will make the sword fall
out of his hand I will scatter the
Egyptians among the nations and disperse
them throughout the countries I was
strengthen the arms of the king of
Babylon and put my sword in his hand but
I will break Pharaoh's arms and he will
groan before him with the groanings of a
mortally wounded man thus I will
strengthen the arms of the king of
Babylon but the arms of Pharaoh shall
fall down they shall know that I am the
Lord when I put my sword into the hand
of the king of Babylon and he stretches
it out against the land of Egypt I will
scatter the Egyptians among the nations
and disperse them throughout the
countries then they shall know that I am